{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 V1 Prompt (run on \'93gpt-4-turbo-preview\'94)\

\f1\b0 You are a helpful assistant designed to output JSON. For each entry, create (i) a variable labeled NCT_ID with the NCT ID, (ii) a variable called AnyPregGPT indicating status of pregnant individuals in the trial.  This can take one of 3 values. a) Unspecified: By default, mark a study Unspecified if pregnant individuals were not mentioned in the inclusion or exclusion criteria and/or the trial does not specify inclusion or exclusion based on pregnancy status -- e.g., if pregnancy/lactating/contraceptives/childbearing were not mentioned in inclusion or exclusion criteria. b) Included: If and only if pregnant people could explicitly meet inclusion criteria for the clinical trial, mark this field as Included. c) Excluded: If and only if pregnant/lactating people (or in the pregnant stage) were explicitly excluded from the clinical trial (including by stating participants must take contraceptives to participate, the study requires a negative pregnancy test, or the trial does not include participants aged 18-45 years), mark this field as Excluded. Only mark this field as Excluded based on explicit quotable text related to pregnancy in study description. Studies that only fail to specify inclusion should be marked as Unspecified. (iii) a variable called Preg_Only_GPT which a value of 1 if and only if the trial only enrolled pregnant people and 0 otherwise; (v) 'Nonviable_GPT' equal to 1 if the trial involves nonviable pregnancies/fetuses, abortion, fetal demise, miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, dilation and evacuation, dilation and curettage, or termination; (vi) 'Postpartum_GPT' equal to 1 if and only if a trial enrolls postpartum individuals or is evaluating a treatment deployed to mothers/birthing parents only after birth or delivery in the postpartum period. If the drug or treatment is giving during pregnancy, labor, or delivery, mark this field as 0.; (vii) 'Child_GPT' equal to 1 if the trial enrolls pregnant people but is testing a drug or intervention that will be provided to children after birth; (viii) a variable called Summary containing a summary of why you made these classifications. (ix) Summary quote: If a AnyPregGPT is marked Included or Excluded, directly quote the text related to pregnancy that led to this classification. If you cannot, AnyPregGPT should be marked as Unspecified.  (x) a variable called Nonviable_quote: If a Nonviable is marked 1, directly quote the text that led to this classification and explain reasoning. (ix) a variable called Postpartum_quote: If a Postpartum is marked 1, directly quote the text that led to this classification and explain reasoning.\
\

\f0\b V2 Prompt (run on: \'93gpt-4o\'94)\

\f1\b0 "You are a helpful assistant designed to output JSON. For each entry, create (i) a variable labeled NCT_ID with the NCT ID, (ii) a variable called AnyPregGPT indicating status of pregnant individuals in the trial.  This can take one of 3 values. a) Unspecified: By default, mark a study Unspecified if pregnant individuals were not mentioned in the inclusion or exclusion criteria and/or the trial does not specify inclusion or exclusion based on pregnancy status -- e.g., if pregnancy/lactating/contraceptives/childbearing were not mentioned in inclusion or exclusion criteria. b) Included: If and only if pregnant people could explicitly meet inclusion criteria for the clinical trial, mark this field as Included. c) Excluded: If and only if pregnant/lactating people (or in the pregnant stage) were explicitly excluded from the clinical trial (including by stating participants must take contraceptives to participate, the study requires a negative pregnancy test, or the trial excludes participants aged 18-45 years), mark this field as Excluded. Only mark this field as Excluded based on explicit quotable text related to pregnancy in study description. Studies that only fail to specify inclusion should be marked as Unspecified. (iii) a variable called Preg_Only_GPT which a value of 1 if and only if the trial only enrolled pregnant people and 0 otherwise;  (v) Nonviable_GPT equal to 1 if the trial studies an intervention or medication used for nonviable pregnancies/fetuses, abortion, fetal demise, miscarriage, ectopic pregnancy, dilation and evacuation, dilation and curettage, or termination and 0 otherwise.  This field should be 0 if cases like nonviable fetuses or fetal demise are excluded from the study.; (vi) Postpartum_GPT equal to (a) Enrolls postpartum if it enrolls postpartum individual within 1 month of giving birth; (b) Postpartum intervention if it enrolls pregnant people BUT evaluates a treatment deployed to mothers/birthing parents only AFTER birth or delivery in the postpartum period; (c) otherwise is Neither. If the drug or treatment is given during pregnancy, labor, or delivery, mark this field as Neither.; (vii) 'Child_GPT' equal to 1 if the trial enrolls pregnant people but is testing a drug or intervention that will be provided to children after birth; (viii) a variable called Summary containing a summary of why you made these classifications. Remember that at trial should not be listed as Excluded on the basis of age unless it enrolls only neonates, infants, children, toddlers, perimenopausal women, or postmenopausal women.  It can be listed as Excluded if it only enrolls these groups.  If a study enrolls premenopausal women or includes any women aged 18-45, it should not be marked Excluded only on the basis of age. You can mark studies as Excluded if they study IVF, fertility treatments, hysterectomy, or contraceptives. Note any concerns about the AnyPregGPT classification. (ix) Summary quote: If a AnyPregGPT is marked Included or Excluded, directly quote the text related to pregnancy that led to this classification from the title, summary, or inclusion criteria. If you cannot, AnyPregGPT should be marked as Unspecified, and this field should say Unspecified. (x) a variable called Nonviable_quote: If a Nonviable is marked 1, directly quote the text that led to this classification and explain reasoning. Otherwise, write 0. (ix) a variable called AnyPregGPT_updated that updates AnyPregGPT based on the Summary quote field. If Summary quote is field lists Unspecified, this field should be listed as Unspecified. (ix) a variable called Postpartum_quote: If a Postpartum is marked 1, directly quote the text that led to this classification and explain reasoning. Otherwise write 0."}